There are two stages of leave approval. First one is to apply leave in ERP and the second one is the company HR has to approve the leave.The initial step in  leave application process mandates employees to submit their leave requests via the ERP system to facilitate streamlined tracking and approval. Leave applications will proceed to the next level if sufficient leave balance is available. Applications without adequate leave balance will not be approved. Application for all leave should be made at least 48 hours (Sundays & Holidays falling within this period will not be considered) in advance else it shall be treated as leave without pay. After applying for leave in ERP, inform HR. HR will discuss with L1 and L2 heads for approval. Once approved, HR will finalise your leave request in ERP.  You can take leave only after HR approves leave in ERP. In situations requiring medical emergency leave, employees are expected to inform HR as soon as possible. This early notification is crucial to ensure that necessary arrangements can be made swiftly and effectively to manage workload continuity and operational needs. If you fail to inform HR before 9 am, your late minutes will be counted as LOP. HR will finalise whether the late minutes will be calculated as LOP. Leave should always be applied for and sanctioned before it is taken, except in cases of emergency and for satisfactory reasons. The Company reserves the right to recall an employee from leave under exceptional circumstances. Absence from duty after expiry of leave entails disciplinary action. Absence without leave will constitute an interruption in service. A staff on leave should not take up any service or employment  elsewhere without obtaining prior sanction of the competent authority (L2 Head). If an employee wants leave for more than 4 days in a month, he/she must take prior sanction from the competent authority (L2 Head). Violation of the rules will be subjected to disciplinary action.

Our company does not currently offer work-from-home options. However, in exceptional circumstances employees wishing to work from home must request permission from HR at least 48 hours in advance. A discussion period of 2 days is required. You will receive a response after this time. Failure to submit the request within this timeframe may result in denial of approval. Requests must include a valid rationale for remote work, as requests deemed invalid may be rejected or alternative arrangements may be suggested. If granted permission to work from home, employees are expected to adhere to the following guidelines:- Assign tasks to team members, log in at 9 am remain available online while you are working, attend meetings or phone calls as required, maintain a standard working schedule of 8 and a half hours and complete all the tasks.

Full time Employees can take maximum 8 days annual leave(also known as earned leave or privilege leave). Employees who are On Contract, Probation, Temporary, Trainees/Interns can take Bimonthly 1 leave as their earned leave.  Application for earned leave (EL) should be made at least 48 hours (Sundays & Holidays falling within this period will not be considered) in advance else it shall be treated as leave without pay.  An employee will not be entitled to take EL more than 3 days within a month. Earned leave will not be carry forwarded to next year (any unused earned leave days will not roll over into the following year. Instead, if you do not use your allotted earned leave by the end of the current year, those days will be forfeited and you will start the new year with the standard amount of leave days, as per company's policy).

Full time employees can take maximum 4 days per year as casual leave (CL). In the case of casual leave for employees On Contract, Probation, Temporary, Trainees and Interns Crediting Half yearly. An employee will be entitled to take CL after the HR approval else it shall be treated as leave without pay. An employee will not be entitled to take CL more than 2 days within a month. Casual leave will not be carry forwarded to next year.

Every employee shall be allowed holiday of one whole day on the 26th January, 15th August and 2nd October.Computer Valley may follow the statutory holidays (directed by government) including the above three national holidays per calendar year and the list of festival holidays will be in line with the local festivals of the respective state. Full Time Employees  can take yearly maximum 3 days as restricted holiday or festival holidays leave. As for the employees On Contract, Probation, Temporary, Trainees and Interns Crediting beginning of the year. For Regional or Religious Specific holidays employees have the option to take these days off but it is not mandatory.  Leave should be in line with the local, religious holidays. Employees can only apply Restricted Holiday work credit for either 4 hours or 8 hours, depending on task hours.

All Employees are eligible for on duty (on duty leave). An Employee Attending Orientation Programme, Research Methodology Workshop, Conference, Congresses, Client Meeting, on site jobs etc with the permission of sanctioning authority (L1 and L2 head) can apply for on Duty. An employee will be entitled to take On Duty after the HR & L1 approval else it shall be treated as leave without pay. 

All employees are eligible for comp off (Compensatory Off). Compensatory Off is an entitled leave that an employee can take on a working day as a compensation for working at employer's request on a holiday or weekend.  Comp Off will be credited based on the approval of “Holiday Work Credit". Employees need to apply for holiday work credit [Minimum 4 hr] within 48 hours of holiday work. An employee will be entitled to take Comp Off after the HR and L1 approval else it shall be treated as leave without pay. Application for Comp Off should be made at least 48 hours (Sundays & Holidays falling within this period will not be considered) in advance else it shall be treated as leave without pay. Employees cannot add previous days' working hours as comp off it can only be applied to a single day. All employees are eligible for took maximum 3 days yearly as LWP[LOP]. In the case of LWP  the employee does not have required balance leave and  LWP  is made available in special cases where there is an extreme emergency for the employee . In the case of LWP Employees have to take HR and L1 approval 48 hours before.

If an Employee does not have adequate leave balance in the account in the case LWP the loss of pay is calculated based on the per-day salary of an employee. Cannot be clubbed with any other holidays and leave. If an Employee takes LWP/LOP on Monday or after company holidays or public holidays such as (Onam, Christmas, Republic Day etc), in such cases the previous day will also be considered as leave (LOP) of the employee.
Total 60 minutes max per month (you can have late punch at most 4 days with 15 minutes duration) of late punch in a month will be considered under Grace Period. In addition to this timeframe, arriving late will be treated as LOP. If an employee have any emergencies or unavoidable circumstances, please notify HR as soon as possible. If you fail to inform HR before 9 am, your late minutes will be counted as a half-day leave (LOP).  HR will finalise whether the late minutes will be calculated as a half-day leave (LOP) or not. Records retrieved from the biometric Module from ERP will be considered as final “in time” and “out time” of an employee. If in case IN or OUT records are not found in Biometric on any day, the day will be considered as leave without pay. 
